0.  BMP supports 16 millions colors, GIF supports 256 colors, PNG
    supports 256 tera-colors, JPEG supports 16 millions colors.
1.  GIF
2.  Lossy compression uses inexact approximations (or partial data
    discarding) for representing the content that has been encoded,
    where lossless compression does not: it  allows the original data to
    be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data. 
3.  JPEG 
4.  When the operating system erases a FAT file, two things occur.
    First, the system modifies the filename's first character in the file's
    directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and that the
    directory entry can be recycled. Second, the system moves all of the
    files's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of free clusters. The
    actual file data is never touched.
5.  One way to ensure with high probability that deleted files cannot be recovered
    consists in overwriting that data with other data so that the
    original data cannot be recovered
6.  The <stdint.h> header declares sets of integer types having
    specified widths, and defines corresponding sets of macros. It
    also defines macros that specify limits of integer types
    corresponding to types defined in other standard headers. 
7.  It creates exact fixed-sized integers. It enhances the portability
    of a program: when used, the type sizes are no more implementation-defined. A
    int8_t will always be 8 bits whatever the implementation is. 
8.  BYTE is 8 bits, DWORD and LONG are 32 bits and WORD is 16 bits.
9.  The first two bytes contain bfType: 0x42 in decimal, 0x4D in hexadecimal,
    BM in ASCII
10. bfSize is the the size of the BMP file in bytes, whereas biSize is
    the size of BITMAPINFOHEADER.
11. For uncompressed RGB bitmaps, if biHeight is positive, the bitmap is
    a bottom-up DIB with the origin at the lower left corner. If biHeight is
    negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left
    corner.
    For compressed formats, biHeight must be positive, regardless of
    image orientation.
12. biBitCount
13. It yields NULL if the prog can't create/open the outfile.
14. On  success,fread() returns the number of items read or written.
    This number equals the number of bytes transferred only when size is 1
15. 3 like 3 bytes, 1 byte(8 bits) for red, one for green and the last
    for blue. (NO it's padding to get a multiple of 4)
16. The  fseek() function sets the file position indicator for a stream 
    (pass as a pointer to the function). The new position, measured in bytes, 
    is obtained by adding offset bytes to the position specified  by
    whence, the last argument of fseek(). It's like a cursor: you got a
    stream, a first position and a offset to indicate the new position
    in the file the program should use.
17. SEEK_CUR is a predefined position indicator of fseek(). It is
    relative to the current position indicator.
18. Milo Banana dun it
